Every person has to learn to face fears they have, and it's much easier
to face those fears if you're with a group of people that you love
and who care for you. I was worried like everyone else was, but when
the first rounds came in the very first night we got hit, I found
that I was in the company of people who were supportive, and I had had
the advice of the senior sergeant who said "When you first get hit
when there's first incoming, just remember what your job is and focus
on I've got to do my job" and I followed that advice and it got
me through every event we went through, and I can never tell you that
I was abnormally frightened. I was alarmed sometimes but I was never
in panic or afraid and and you just gotta get through it because
the people around you were getting through it with you and I think that
the group means everything in a case like this.